# Read Mix Manifest with Twig Function
This little plugin reads the Mix Manifest that is generated by the standalone version of Laravel Mix. 

## Setup
In order to use this plugin you will need set up Laravel Mix (duh!) and enable the versioning in the `webpack.mix.js`. 

This plugin depends on several config fields, which should be set correctly. Most of the properties should already be correct when left default, but you should definetely set your app url correctly. You can find this property in the `config/app.php` file. 

The next step is set up your `env` file and add the `MANIFEST_PATH` field to your `env` file. This entry needs to points directly to the manifest file in your project. 


## How to use
After installing this plugin you can call `getVersionedCss()` in Twig. This function takes one parameter which should be the relative path to the file from inside your `assets` folder. 

``` 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ getVersionedCss('/dist/app.css') }}">
```

## Advanced usage
Without a second parameter the `getVersionedCss` function assumes that your relative path starts at `themes/{themename}/assets`. If your assets are located elsewhere you can pass a second parameter to the function which replaces the standard `"/assets"` path prefix. 

__Note: The `/`  before the actual path is required for this to work__

``` 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ getVersionedCss('/dist/app.css' , '/my-assets-path') }}">
```

## Setting up Laravel Mix
This plugin is based on a front-end workflow based on Jeffrey Way's standalone Laravel Mix that can be found [here](https://github.com/JeffreyWay/laravel-mix). An example of a `package.json` and `webpack.mix.js` are also present in this repository. Further documentation on how to use Laravel Mix can be found in the docs of Laravel Mix.

## License
While there isn't much to license, we'd appreciate it if you do not sell the plugin or the code in it as your own, either under a new name or as part of your own plugin. 